chore: draft docs for trial engine / SmartBear Admin updates (#311)
pactflow/docs.pactflow.io: website/docs/docs/user-interface/settings/users.md

## Invite users

:::info Note

> Customers on the SmartBear Admin platform must invite users from the SmartBear Admin console (via the "Manage users" button shown here). Consult the [SmartBear Admin docs](https://support.smartbear.com/administration/docs/en/administration.html) for more. For customers not on SmartBear Admin, the following guide applies.

Reviewer: I'd change it to "Customers using the SmartBear Admin platform must invite users through the SmartBear Admin console by clicking the 'Manage Users' button (shown here). For more details, refer to the SmartBear Admin documentation. For customers not using SmartBear Admin, please follow the guide below."

Author: ```suggestion
Customers using the SmartBear Admin platform must invite users through the SmartBear Admin console by clicking the 'Manage Users' button (shown here). For more details, refer to the SmartBear Admin [documentation](https://support.smartbear.com/administration/docs/en/administration.html). For customers not using SmartBear Admin, please follow the guide below.
```
